Guess My Drawing
=====================

The web application presents an online multiplayer drawing game. It is a quick and fun game that can be played in a few minutes while you are waiting for something else to load. The game can be played among friends, colleagues or even strangers. To start playing, you can join an existing game or create your own game.

When the game starts, one player is assigned a random word and has to sketch a drawing on the canvas. While the painter is sketching, other participants are allowed to ~~chat,~~ guess and post their answers of what they think this sketch is about. There will be a one minute timer to make sure that the game proceeds quickly. The first person who gets the correct answer will get points. ~~If the time runs out before someone gets the right answer, the current round automatically ends and a different user takes turns drawing on the canvas.~~ _If no one gives the correct answer in the time limit, the current round ends and the painter's score get deducted._ This game moves on for several rounds ~~rotating among different users~~ _with users take turn to be the painter_. At the end of the game, the player who accumulated the highest scores will be the winner. There will be a leader board listing the top scoring players for everyone to see. _There are also two ranking list of the best painter and guesser._

This project would be interesting because everyone can find their inner artist when making the sketch and showing it to others. It also helps users easily understand the difficulty and significance of effective and efficient communication. Most importantly, it is a fun game that allows you to take a break from work.
